this morning on Good Morning America we
revealed the new bachelorette and you'll
never guess who was on hand to help out
we have a lot of stories coming up here
including the big reveal who will be
handing out roses on The Bachelorette
and you went to New York this morning
that's right Jimmy yes yeah yes and then
you flew back just right yes we have
people on the plane like 20 people like
20 people only 20 people on the way yeah
they were wearing masks gloves and was
it a big plane it was a big plane for
just 28 people okay that's very sad it
was very sad did you wear a mask or is
your mustache protect you at home I must
have protect me yeah okay very good well
we're gonna we may have to put you in
quarantine for a week or two but you
know the new Bachelorette is a familiar
face so names Claire Crawley she was on
Juan Pablo season of The Bachelor in
2014 this would be a fifth time on a
Bachelor show she was on The Bachelor
she was on Bachelor Winter Games and
bachelor in paradise two time
she's like a Sly Stallone character just
when she thought she was out of it they
pull her in for one last job but tonight
was the women tell all special which is
always which was really more of a women
yell all special you did call me a
stupid stupid what did you say I said I
think I called you a dramatic okay
it was not the nicest my birthday but I
already did apologize to you I were good
are you fine okay no a lot of relaxers
authorizes know what goes on in that
studio dermatologist my life I don't
think I've ever gasped in shock like
this ever at any time there was so much
gasping it was like the cabin pressure
had started to drop but I want to credit
this Network ABC with mixing it up this
year you know a lot of times these
tell-all specials get boring they're
kind of the same thing year after year
but since super Tuesday's tomorrow
tonight they decided they would add a
bit of politics to the mix it's a very
special edition of the women tell all
all of your favorite women from this
season are back honestly I was pissed
and they have a lot to say you know I
made a mistake
you did call me a stupid I apologized
it's not okay for you to do that I've
asked for forgiveness but I can't
rewrite history
The Bachelor Mike Bloomberg's women tell
all only on ABC na followed by an
all-new after the final rose that's the
fun girl right there if you like that
video then put a ring on it click the
subscribe button below Oh